spec/SPEC.md, before:

ODict File Specification
========================
Compiled odict files are relatively straightforward, as they utilize the 
[ODict FlatBuffer schema](https://github.com/Nickersoft/odict/blob/master/src/schema.fbs).
 The buffer generated by this schema take up over 90% of the compiled file, however,
 addition header information still exists. The table below illustrates the full breakdown
 of a compiled `.odict` file, in the order in which the values are written to the file.
 
 | Name         | Type          | Size     | Description                                                                                                 |
 |--------------|---------------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
 | Signature    | `CHAR[6]`     | 5        | Signature for the ODict format. Assertions fail if this signature is missing. Should always be `ODICT`.     |
 | Version      | `UINT`        | 4        | Represents the major version of ODict with which the file was created.                                      |
 | Content-Size | `ULONG`       | 4 or 8   | Size (in bytes) of the compressed content to read. Used in assertions to validate file length.              |
 | Content      | `CONST CHAR*` | Variable | Snappy compressed FlatBuffer object. Must be decompressed and converted to `uint8_t` before it can be used. |

Commit message:

Normalized endian values, version became short, etc.

spec/SPEC.md, after:

ODict File Specification
========================
Compiled odict files are relatively straightforward, as they utilize the 
[ODict FlatBuffer schema](https://github.com/Nickersoft/odict/blob/master/src/schema.fbs).
 The buffer generated by this schema take up over 90% of the compiled file, however,
 addition header information still exists. The table below illustrates the full breakdown
 of a compiled `.odict` file, in the order in which the values are written to the file.
 All values written in Little Endian byte order.
 
 | Name         | Type          | Size     | Description                                                                                                 |
 |--------------|---------------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
 | Signature    | `CHAR[6]`     | 6        | Signature for the ODict format. Assertions fail if this signature is missing. Should always be `ODICT`.     |
 | Version      | `USHORT`      | 2        | Represents the major version of ODict with which the file was created.                                      |
 | Content-Size | `ULONG`       | 4 or 8   | Size (in bytes) of the compressed content to read. Used in assertions to validate file length.              |
 | Content      | `CONST CHAR*` | Variable | Snappy compressed FlatBuffer object. Must be decompressed and converted to `uint8_t` before it can be used. |
